This is the final project for CS290 at LBCC. The project allowed students to create a web application that they would want to use. I chose to attempt at creating a website that would provide a private, secure, and encrypted messaging service.
The website is called Cryptic Pigeon inspired by the network carrier pigoen mentioned in class a few times. The mascot has gone through a couple a changes. The most recent image was generated by the Deep AI image generator. https://deepai.org/machine-learning-model/text2img
The website is still in the early ALPHA stages of development. Messaging between users is incomplete, messages are not encrypted yet, and the website is not open yet to the internet(locally hosted). 
However, users can successfuly create accounts with an email and password. They can aslso rest assured that their passwords are encrypted. Much of the server functionality was aided by youtuber Desphixs from this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ILviQic0c8g. His source code can also be found here: https://github.com/desphixs/Node.Js-Authentication-System
Styling and HTML structre were generated by ChatGPT and modified by me as well.

Note For the Instructor: The .gitignore includes the .env and node modules directory. You will most likely need to create your own SECRET_KEY when testing the server and add a node modules directory.  You are likely aware of this but this is just a little reminder in case the server does not just in case I forget to remove them from the .gitignore.

Now for the website reviews for the final project:

    "Now, go re-review each of the sites you picked at the start of the term, reviewing them now with your new knowledge of web development might make you notice more of some kinds of problems and make some of the problems less of a problem.  Be sure to include any thoughts you have on why your thoughts or opinions might have changed."

    What I have learned so far in the class is that functionality is extremely important. There is no point to a site in which its elements do not work properly. Even though some of the early concepts are easy, the advanced CSS styles that it takes to create websites like the ones I reviewed in Assignment 0 require a lot of skill.
    From videos I have watched for some CSS guides. It is amazing how some CSS developers have extensive knowledge to structure amazing looking web pages. It takes actual skill and AI is still not particularly up to the task to generate professional CSS styles without really good prompting from an experienced web developer.
    As a beginner I struggled with CSS which was fun at first, but eventually became incredibly tedious get the look I wanted to achieve in my websites. So for the websites I reviewed poorly, I appreciate them much more now because its quite the undertaking to give each website I reviewed its own brand personality. 
    The citi bank website compared to the chase is not appealing to the eye for me. However it takes considerable effort to make each element function with working code and to serve everything securely. This goes for the steam website as well.  The issues I had weren't really problems just user comforts I would prefer. 

    Lastly, go review each of your own projects from the point of view of the aspects that you liked and disliked at the start of the term.
   
    I liked the early html stuff from assignment 1. It gave me the chance to peak behind the curtain and see its not really majic. Even though it still feels like that sometimes. I have looked at view source on my web browser before and I have seen html and javascript but it always seemed like some sort of alien language to me.
    Now when I see an html source file I have a better understanding. In assignment 2 I had fun making the website look better and more organized even though it was amateurish project. However, by Assignment 3 I began to dislike CSS. I'm not a fan of going through each element and organizing them to fit a certain way on the screen.
    It is frustrating because sometimes I want to achieve a certain look but I do appreciate some of the amazing CSS styles I have seen in other peoples work. In Assignment 4, 5, and the final, I did enjoy using javascript but it is quite difficult. Many things fail silently. Just like all programming you need to take time to debug.
    It was strange getting used to not seeing error messages right away in VS code. I had to remind myself multiple times to check my console. The server stuff was the most fascinating of all. Very difficult and a lot of syntax I'm still unsure about because there's a lot of server software out there. 
    Ultimately it was satisfying hosting something even though it was just on local host. 
